external: if admin creds is provided stop creating csi secret (#16882)
rook/rook: PendingReleaseNotes.md

    When set to `false`, the standby MDS daemon deployment will be scaled down and removed,
    rather than only disabling the standby cache while the daemon remains running.

- Now rook operator won't create the csi user and secrets for external mode when admin keyring is used.
  Will have a single source truth for creating it in the python script to create the ceph user and in

>   the import script to create the csi k8s secrets. [PR](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/16882)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now Rook operator won't create the csi user and secrets for external mode when the admin keyring is used.
  There will be a single source of truth. The python scropt will be responsible for creating the ceph user and the import script will handle creating the kubernetes secrets for ceph user.  [PR](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/16882)
```
